Add feature gate for APIServingWithRoute (#49350)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/APIServingWithRoute.md

---
title: APIServingWithRoute
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha 
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.30"
---

> Enables the API server to serve watch requests in separate goroutines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable an API server performance improvement: the API server uses separate goroutines
(lightweight threads managed by the Go runtime) to handle
[**watch**](/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#efficient-detection-of-changes) responses.
```
